sdk: move verify code into sdk (#1030)
edgelesssys/contrast: sdk/README.md

# Contrast SDK

**Caution:** This SDK is still under active development and not fit for external use yet.
Please expect breaking changes with new minor versions.

The SDK allows writing programs that interact with a Contrast deployment like the CLI does, without relying on the CLI.

# Building

> To build the SDK please add the build tag `contrast_unstable_api` to the importing module's files and build commands.
> This tag will be removed once the SDK is officially removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you decide to use the unstable API and accept the risk of breakage, you need to set the Go build tag `contrast_unstable_api`.
```

# Contrast SDK

**Caution:** This SDK is still under active development and not fit for external use yet.

> Please expect breaking changes with new minor versions.

Reviewer: One idea I found while searching for ways to highlight instability of APIs: we could have an expressive build tag on the sdk, like `// +build contrast-unstable-api`, to prevent accidental usage.

Author: Asked for another review just to be sure, as the tag has to be added to quite a few places.

Author: I missed adding the `tags` flag to the `go test` command of the checkPhase in the nix build. Now the tag is only in the sdk's go files. Thanks for pointing it out.
